Update working-agreement.md (#111)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/community/working-agreement.md

### We act as one design community
As a design/UX community we understand the context and decisions that were made before. We work collaboratively to evolve those as the context and needs change over time.

### We prioritise in-person collaboration
We recognise that working in person adds a layer of shared understanding, and brings down silos. This helps make us all work in similar ways, and that we build empathy, visibility, and cross-learning.

### We involve each other as early as possible
We recognise that involving each other from the beginning on a piece of work prevents wasting time leads to better outcomes, and delivers value to our customers faster.

### We aim to always improve
Everything we create has a proven added value. We aim to better our customers' experience with each and every release.

### We measure, capture, and celebrate the impact of our work
We understand the outcome of the changes we make, so we can repeat successes and avoid mistakes in the future.

### Everything we do is visible and available to all

> We aim at making everything understandable, and open to the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to make everything understandable, and open to the community.
```
